feat: improve documentation for scoped tokens (#1352)
apify/apify-docs: sources/platform/integrations/programming/api.md

When Apify [runs an Actor](/platform/actors/running/runs-and-builds#runs), it automatically creates a set of default storages (a dataset, a key-value store and request queue) that the Actor can use in runtime.

> You can configure whether the scoped token you are going use to run the Actor should get _write_

Reviewer: Should we have there `Write` instead of _write_ like in previous text.

Reviewer 2: Actually now that I think about it, I would say neither, since this is part of UI within console, it would be best to have it bolded

Author: Thanks for the update!

Therefore, you need to make sure the token has sufficient permissions not only to set up the webhook, but also to perform the actual operation.

:::tip
Let's say you want to create a webhook that pushes an item to a dataset every time an Actor successfully finishes. Then such a scoped token needs to be allowed to both run the Actor (to create the webhook), and write to that dataset.
:::

### Troubleshooting

> #### How do I allow a token to run a task?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Token Configuration for Task Execution
```

Author: Discussed offline, keeping as is.

> There is no dedicated run permission for tasks. Instead, configure the token with the following permissions:

Author: @TC-MO The linter complains about `There is` :sweat_smile: Of course I could phrase it differently, but in this particular case it just feels the best...

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/34cb2dea-232a-45ee-8de0-ef9804a782d6)

Reviewer 2: I'd rather not disable the rule completely as I agree with it, so I'll take a look if there is any rewrite that makes sense

If not we can utilize `<-- vale off -->` and `<-- vale on -->` to turn it of for this specific sentence

> There is no dedicated run permission for tasks. Instead, configure the token with the following permissions:

Reviewer 2: Maybe this approach is better?

```suggestion
Tasks require specific permissions rather than a dedicated run permission. Configure the token with the following permissions:
```

> - `Run` on the Actor that the task is executing

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Run** on the Actor that the task is executing
```

> - `Read` on the task

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Read** on the task
```

> See the example below:

Reviewer 2: Changing directional language for accessibility

```suggestion
See the following example:
```

![Scoped token configured to run a task](../images/api-token-scoped-run-tasks.png)

Refer to [this section](#permission-dependencies) to understand how permission dependencies work.

> #### My run failed and I can see `insufficient permissions` in the logs

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Resolving Insufficient Permissions Errors
```

Author: Discussed offline, keeping as is.

You probably run the Actor using a scoped token with `Restricted access` configured.

![Scoped token with Restricted access](../images/api-token-scoped-restricted-access-active.png)

> What is happening is that the Actor is trying to access a resource (such a dataset, or a key-value store) or perform an operation that it does not have sufficient permissions for.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
What is happening is that the Actor is trying to access a resource (such as a dataset, or a key-value store) or perform an operation that it does not have sufficient permissions for.
```

> If you know what it is, you can add the permission to the scope of your token. If you don't, you can switch the permission mode on the token to `Full access`. This means that the Actor will be able to access all your account data.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you know what it is, you can add the permission to the scope of your token. If you don't, you can switch the permission mode on the token to **Full access**. This means that the Actor will be able to access all your account data.
```

> Refer to [this section](#actor-execution) to understand how executing Actors with scoped tokens works.

Reviewer 2: I recommend avoiding wording as `this` or `here` when using a link due to accessibility reasons.

```suggestion
Refer to [Actor execution](#actor-execution) section to understand how executing Actors with scoped tokens works.
```
